World leaders sound off about the Brexit

Obama says UK committed to 'orderly transition' out of EU
Pound Falls Deeply After UK Leaves EU
Comment on NFL "monitoring" situation in UK by streetyson
Migrant crisis: More than 2,000 people rescued from Mediterranean in one day
AP WAS THERE: Britain joins EU in 1973
Seven Brexit lessons according to Mohamed El-Erian
Defiant Jeremy Corbyn says he won't resign after Labour MPs launch Brexit leadership coup
'This is insane': CNN panel blasts Trump for boasting about his Scottish golf course after Brexit
Taking the Next Step - Opportunities to Get Involved During the Week of June 26
'I'm depressed, grieving.' U.K. film and TV industries respond to 'Brexit' vote
Brits start Googling 'what is the EU?' after Brexit referendum result is announced
Comment on NFL "monitoring" situation in UK by mmmpierogi
Stranger Things Character Video Examines the Mysterious Eleven
How will Scotland react to Brexit?
Brexit Should Inspire More European Integration, Not Less
The U.K. Could Split Into 3 Parts After Brexit
Brexit impact: Gold and bonds are back in fashion
Scottish leader says her country's future in EU as Britain votes to leave
Brexit: 'Mayhem' as Australians rush to buy pounds
Brexit pitches world into uncharted terrain
Boris defends Brexit: 'We are not becoming isolationist'
A Few Thoughts Post-Brexit
How the Brexit Vote Could Impact NATO and Defense Policy
Thursday 23rd June 2016
Washout! Torrential rain hits Glastonbury festival on Britain's darkest day
Brexit: These countries could be next now that Britain has left the EU
British vote to exit EU throws techies (and the rest of the world) into a tizzy
Biden hits 'xenophobia, nationalism and isolationism' in apparent reference to Trump
Brexit vote: What happens now?
A Collection of Very Dumb Republican Thoughts on the Brexit
What Brexit means for your European vacation
Biden says US wanted UK Remain vote but 'respects' Brexit decision
Comment on NFL "monitoring" situation in UK by dryzzt23
Comment on NFL "monitoring" situation in UK by spotsdad
Comment on NFL "monitoring" situation in UK by dynastyposeiden
Mike Huckabee Slams 'Hellary' Clinton in Brexit Statement
Fear Not, 'Game Of Thones' Fans: The Brexit Won't Affect The Show
'I'm depressed, grieving': U.K. film and TV industries respond to 'Brexit' vote
Hillary Clinton's campaign moved swiftly to cast ...
Comedian interrupts Donald Trump speech with swastika golf balls
Oil Prices After Brexit: Where the Market Is Headed Now
What's Next for Silver Prices in 2016 After Brexit
Who'll be the next Conservative leader? Odds and profiles for contenders after the EU referendum
Persistent uncertainty over Brexit, EU's future could affect West Michigan companies
Another Title for Pierre Audi: Director of Aix-en-Provence Festival
Scope economic survey: How the BusinessDay forecasting panel sees 2016-17
Concerned area businesses in wait-and-see mode on Brexit impact
Gold futures rallied Friday to settle at their highest level ...
Reacting To The Brexit Vote, Many World Leaders Express Anxieties
Is Derrick Rose already trying to make extra-nice with ...
So Just How Does The U.K. Divorce The EU?
3 financial upsides to the Brexit fallout
Invitation letter by President Donald Tusk to the members of the European Council
A Less-United Kingdom: 'Brexit' Vote Revives Talk Of U.K. Breakup
The U.K.'s Old Decided for the Young in the Brexit Vote
In the midst of a presidential campaign season where ...
Comment on Brexit vote leaves progressives suspended between nativists and neoliberals by Annie Robbins
The Week In N.H. News: From Trump to 'Brexit,' No Shortage of N.H. Connections
AP WAS THERE: Britain Joins EU in 1973
Advice as markets react to Brexit: Take some deep breaths and don't do a thing
What the Brexit means for Janet Yellen and the Fed
Londoner's Moving Post-Brexit Note To Italian Neighbors Shows Power Of European Unity
Comment on What's Next with the Brexit? by Rafer Janders
Comment on What's Next with the Brexit? by michael reynolds
Alan Greenspan says Brexit is only the tip of the iceberg
Comment on What's Next with the Brexit? by Ebenezer_Arvigenius
Joe Anderson says Liverpool will not "lose its warmth" for immigrants Liverpool Echo
Brexit: Stock Market Collapse, Flash Crash Or Buying Opportunity?
What's the future of the UK in the wake of Brexit?
70,000 sign petition for London to become independent and rejoin the EU
Brexit: How Far Can Gold Rally?
A Brexit upside? Cheaper UK vacations
Which U.S. Companies And Sectors Have The Most Exposure To Brexit
The vote is over - now does Britain actually leave the EU?
10 questions about your London banking job post-Brexit
Friday links: making things better
Jade Wright: It's time Merseyside goes it alone in a post-EU UK Liverpool Echo
Jennifer Watts takes job with ISANS
UK 'Leave' vote deflates hopes for US-EU trade deal
BIS 'confident' on post-Brexit markets
Five questions for Britain and Europe after Brexit vote
Trump says Britain has taken back independence
The Brexit shows liberal strategies against right-populism are losing
Obama says US respects United Kingdom's decision to leave EU
Sterling plunges to 31-year low, biggest ever fall, as UK votes Brexit
After Brexit, Texas secessionist group calls for 'Texit'
Mexico's Secretary of Finance Announces Cut in Public Spending After Brexit Results
Must Reads of the Week: The UK Votes to Leave the European Union
EU 'poorer' in defence without UK says Pinotti
'The world has shrunk': Obama says Brexit vote speaks to 'challenges raised by globalization'
Comment on Brexit: Liverpool wouldn't have been able to sign Coutinho without being in the EU by Can't keep Tazz out
Brexit and the rising shades of Trumpism
Stoughton Public Library Invites Public to Art Exhibition, Adult Coloring
'Brexit' Results: 5 Stocks to Watch After 'Brexit'
Soros, Druckenmiller among hedgies profiting in market plunge
Obama says in wake of Brexit that UK relationship endures | Reuters
Oil Prices Drop 4.7% After the Brexit?
Business and financial historian John Steele Gordon ...
Comment on What's Next with the Brexit? by Steven L. Taylor
Brexit? What Brexit? UK paper takes on Alabama's 'Love Gov' Robert Bentley
Gold miners shares were soaring in premarket trade Friday, ...
Brexit: How investors should react to Britain's poll result
Probably not because who isn't a fan of the Queen?
Is What Drove Brexit Also Driving Trump?
The British decision to exit the European Union will have no ...
A Florida businessman was slashed in the neck after getting ...
Comment on What now for the Pro-EU Party? by Liam
Thomas Cook has temporarily suspended sales of currencies ...
What To Expect In A Post-Brexit World
ETF Strategy: Brexit Has Happened, GLD A Long Term Bet, Volatility Here To Stay
Turn: Washington's Spies Clip: A Death Befitting An Officer
U.S. managers' stocks plummet after Brexit vote
Pro-EU Scots, Northern Irish eye UK escape after Brexit vote
Midday Stock Roundup
Why Brexit is so scary
2016: Year Of The Mulligan? Many Who Voted For Brexit Publicly Regretting Their Decision
How Brexit Could Undo First Solar, SolarEdge -- And Cure SolarCity
Scope BusinessDay Economic Survey: How they got 2015-16 wrong
UK votes to leave the EU, Prime Minister Cameron to resign
Silicon Valley Cheers as Twilio Blows Past Expectations in First Day of Trading
Fight Against Terrorism 'More Difficult' Now
Election 2016: Catholic schools urge parents not to vote for Greens
Dow plunges 500 points as U.K. 'earthquake' crushes global markets
Election 2016: Let's have a grown-up debate about where we're headed
UK 'Leave' vote deflates hopes for U.S.-EU trade deal
'Move to Canada' trends on Google after Brexit vote
Game Of Thrones is saved! HBO and NI Screen confirm Brexit will not affect production of the show
Scottish Royal Bank Suspends Private Euro Sales Amid Surge in Demand
Coles prices not down, down but up, up?
Brexit will complicate Amazon's UK expansion plans
Comment on How Britain's exit from EU will affect Nigeria by Watch man
As global currencies plunge, investors turn to Bitcoin
Hotel Stocks Fall After U.K. Voters Approve European Union Exit
Brexit: the legal mechanics of Article 50
Brexit Means Trade and Tourism Suffer Most in These Six EU Nations
US STOCKS-Wall St slides as Brexit takes investors by surprise - Reuters
Fuss Says Brexit Hurts Europe Credit, Wont Impact U.S. Economy
Brexit Impact: Short-Term Volatility, Long-Term Uncertainty
"Pub?": Brits respond to Brexit with typically British gallows humor
Gold races to 2-year high as investors seek refuge from Brexit
Trudeau booed in Quebec for speaking English on Fete nationale
Brexit: No renegotiation of Britain's membership, says EU
What UK Brexit Means for American Travelers
In the Aftermath Of Brexit, Brits Google About Irish Passport, Meaning Of EU, and Why it All Happened
Why Brexit Is Battering Bank of America (and Other Bank Stocks)
What the Brexit Vote Means for the US Economy
Extra rest could help France play with more pace vs. Ireland
A Dapper David Beckham Brings A Smile To Queen Elizabeth's Face
5 reasons why Americans should care about Brexit
Hope Hicks: The 27-year-old at the heart of Donald Trump's presidential campaign
